pretty son back once again and because
you can probably tell I've got a slight
looking different galaxy s6 here and why
is that well about Shia so wasn't really
announced as such but the rough themes
available Darryl out at the box now
which is always nice so if you're going
to settings rush you've got a theme
option straight away now as you can see
have a pink one on there was the first
one to download if you want to go back
to another one just cook into it and
that they click apply it's like you show
you one up like yeah I want to apply it
and outline it's going to apply the
theme and
voila we're now back to a standard
galaxy device that's pretty cool so what
made you I'm going to bit more detail
now as I said I wanted to show you that
so here's the actual the messaging
application we're going to the dialer
just to kind of show you that you know
that's what differences between the
themes so go back out there let's go
back into the theme so back into themes
go back to pink why not trusty old pink
and we want to click apply
so once again it's going to go for the
applying theme please wear and then boom
we are on the pink theme so if we go
into the phone as you can see it's all
pink
we go to the contacts boom yeah it's all
pink messages where's messages gone home
messages boom topping if you are a fan
of pink the galaxy s6 maybe a phone for
you now what we will does show you we
got it downloading a new one so go to
themes you've got it download text to
this page here we can read through it
you know what it's going to do it's got
sounds etc gonna click download and
click accept and download
and at that point he's downloading it
now did take forward and lost won't say
my not download quickly again I can we
wrong kind of spy Wi-Fi right now not
spy five it's spotty Wi-Fi and I'm
trying to upload as well try upload a
video but I don't think that's actually
gonna work so yeah that kind of sucks
but that would be a different one and
that's again that's the themes and it's
a brand new theme engine that's built
into the galaxy s6 galaxy s6 telling it
so they have a tongue twister is that
one but that's it have any questions
about this or anything else that's let's
have a quick look space has been in
stars let's have a quick look at spares
will click up why were clicking by again
please where please where boom 100%
hello there we go and we'll have a quick
look at this and while we're here why
not it's going to be fun it's kind of
funky
we've got contacts we've then got
messages so yeah there you go
now again at the moment there are only
Thor's there's not like many options of
the so go back to the theme star go back
out of that one
I think there's only three actually a
download available right now let's go
back into the settings just change all
that by the way
so hopefully for those people that want
different colored like maybe black then
there'd be one coming in the future but
again at the moment there's only three
in the start out ever so those people
that keep saying I wanna Black's you
know I want a black settings menu on a
black bar at the top because it's better
for battery life etc and one of the
people I like having white backgrounds
etc then there is a naturally I'd
opportunity without from Samsung
directly in the future but I said well
that is it that is something that like
takes six themes if you want to
subscribe you to know where that
subscribe button is it's just about all
there I think it's there anywhere and if
it's not then find on the pitch and here
because it's free I'm gonna hit me up on
Twitter I'm out some Jaipur and same for
Instagram Facebook etc you know the
drill by now I know I tell you what you
still are the drill anyway thanks for
watching and you'll see me in my next
video everyone